OSSM-4708: [DOC]  2.4.3 Release Notes (#63862)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-rn-new-features.adoc

This release adds improvements related to the following components and concepts.

== New features {SMProductName} version 2.4.3

> This release of {SMProductName} makes {SMProductName} operator to ARM based clusters available as a Technology Preview feature, adds the `envoyExtAuthzGrpc` field to configure an external authorization provider using the gRPC API, addresses Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs), and is supported on {product-title} 4.10 and later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {SMProductName} Operator is now available on ARM based clusters as a Technology Preview feature.
* The `envoyExtAuthzGrpc` field has been added, which is used to configure an external authorization provider using the gRPC API.
* Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) have been addressed.
* This release is supported on {product-title} 4.10 and newer versions.
```

Suggestion to make this a bullet list so that it's more readible, also some text editing.

=== Component versions included in {SMProductName} version 2.4.3
//THESE MAY NEED TO BE UPDATED FOR 2.4.3
//Kiali updated to 1.65.8 on 09/06/2023
//09/06/2023: According to distributed tracing release notes, Jaeger component version remains unchanged.
|===
|Component |Version

|Istio
|1.16.7

|Envoy Proxy
|1.24.10

|Jaeger
|1.42.0

|Kiali
|1.65.8
|===
//COMPONENTS ABOVE MAY NEED TO BE UPDATED FOR 2.4.3

=== {SMProductName} operator to ARM based clusters
:FeatureName: {SMProductName} operator to ARM based clusters
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> This release makes {SMProductName} operator to ARM based clusters available as a Technology Preview feature. Images are available for Istio, Envoy, Prometheus, Kiali, and Grafana. Images are not available for Jaeger so Jaeger must be disabled as a {SMProductShortName} addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release makes the {SMProductName} Operator available on ARM based clusters as a Technology Preview feature. Images are available for Istio, Envoy, Prometheus, Kiali, and Grafana. Images are not available for Jaeger, so Jaeger must be disabled as a {SMProductShortName} add-on.
```
Suggested editing for readability, also, Operator should be capitalized, and add-on should be hyphenated (per IBM style guide).

=== Remote Procedure Calls (gRPC) API support for external authorization configuration

> Remote Procedure Calls (gRPC) was only available as a Technical Preview feature. It was made generally available with 2.4.0. This enhancement adds the `envoyExtAuthzGrpc` field to configure an external authorization provider using the gRPC API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhancement adds the `envoyExtAuthzGrpc` field to configure an external authorization provider using the gRPC API.
```

I'd remove the first sentence - presumably it was already covered in release notes when gRPC went GA in the 2.4.0 release, so it doesn't seem that relevant here, but I could be wrong.

This release adds improvements related to the following components and concepts.

== New features {SMProductName} version 2.4.3

> * The {SMProductName} Operator is now available on ARM based clusters as a Technology Preview feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The {SMProductName} Operator is now available on ARM-based clusters as a Technology Preview feature.
```
Nitpick: It should be `ARM-based clusters` with a hyphen throughout this section, unless this wording (with no hyphen) is following some already-established naming convention for the feature.

Author: @bburt-rh made the change and sent you a DM

* The `envoyExtAuthzGrpc` field has been added, which is used to configure an external authorization provider using the gRPC API.
* Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) have been addressed.
* This release is supported on {product-title} 4.10 and newer versions.

=== Component versions included in {SMProductName} version 2.4.3
//THESE MAY NEED TO BE UPDATED FOR 2.4.3
//Kiali updated to 1.65.8 on 09/06/2023
//09/06/2023: According to distributed tracing release notes, Jaeger component version remains unchanged.
|===
|Component |Version

|Istio
|1.16.7

|Envoy Proxy
|1.24.10

|Jaeger
|1.42.0

|Kiali
|1.65.8
|===
//COMPONENTS ABOVE MAY NEED TO BE UPDATED FOR 2.4.3

> === {SMProductName} operator to ARM based clusters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== {SMProductName} operator to ARM-based clusters
```

This release adds improvements related to the following components and concepts.

== New features {SMProductName} version 2.4.3

> This release of {SMProductName} adds developer preview support for Openshift Service Mesh images for ARM based clusters, adds the `envoyExtAuthzGrpc` field to configure an external authorization provider using the gRPC API, addresses Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs), and is supported on {product-title} 4.10 and later versions.

Reviewer 3: I thought "S" is capitalized everytime OpenShift is written, including in product names like OSSM ???

```suggestion
This release of {SMProductName} adds developer preview support for OpenShift Service Mesh images for ARM based clusters, adds the `envoyExtAuthzGrpc` field to configure an external authorization provider using the gRPC API, addresses Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs), and is supported on {product-title} 4.10 and later versions.
```
